Che 7: Using a Visual Studio Code extension in Che (#754)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/hands-on-guidance/proc_verifying-the-vs-code-extension-api-compatibility-level.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// using-a-visual-studio-code-extension-in-che

// This module can be included from assemblies using the following include statement:
// include::<path>/proc_verifying-the-vs-code-extension-api-compatibility-level.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// The file name and the ID are based on the module title. For example:
// * file name: proc_doing-procedure-a.adoc
// * ID: [id='proc_doing-procedure-a_{context}']
// * Title: = Doing procedure A
//
// The ID is used as an anchor for linking to the module. Avoid changing
// it after the module has been published to ensure existing links are not
// broken.
//
// The `context` attribute enables module reuse. Every module's ID includes
// {context}, which ensures that the module has a unique ID even if it is
// reused multiple times in a guide.
//
// Start the title with a verb, such as Creating or Create. See also
// _Wording of headings_ in _The IBM Style Guide_.
[id="verifying-the-vs-code-extension-api-compatibility-level_{context}"]
= Verifying the VS Code extension API compatibility level

> Theia does not fully support the VS Code extensions API as yet. The link:https://github.com/che-incubator/vscode-theia-comparator/[vscode-theia-comparator] is used to analyze the state of Che Theia plugin-in API compatibility with the VS Code extension API This tool runs in a nightlycycle and the results are published at link:https://github.com/che-incubator/vscode-theia-comparator/[vscode-theia-comparator] GitHub page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Theia does not fully support the VS Code extensions API as yet. The link:https://github.com/che-incubator/vscode-theia-comparator/[vscode-theia-comparator] is used to analyze the compatibility between Che Theia plug-in API and the VS Code extension API. This tool runs in a nightly cycle and the results are published at the link:https://github.com/che-incubator/vscode-theia-comparator/[vscode-theia-comparator] GitHub page.
```

[discrete]
== Procedure

To run the *vscode-theia comparator* manually:

> . Clone link:https://github.com/che-incubator/vscode-theia-comparator/[scode-theia-comparator] repository and build it using the `yarn` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Clone the link:https://github.com/che-incubator/vscode-theia-comparator/[scode-theia-comparator] repository and build it using the `yarn` command.
```

> . Set the `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable to your token.  For information on creating a personal access token for the command line, if you do not have one already, see the link:https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line[github documentation]. A GitHub access token is required to increase the GitHub download limit for your IP address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set the `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable to your token. For information on creating a personal access token for the command line, if you do not have one already, see the link:https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line[Creating a personal access token for the command line]. A GitHub access token is required to increase the GitHub download limit for your IP address.
```

> . Execute the `yarn run generate` command to generate a report for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Execute the `yarn run generate` command to generate a report.
```
